.. !split

References
==========

.. [Ref01]
   **J. T. Vanderplas**. *A Whirlwind Tour of Python*,
   O'Reilly Media,
   2016.

.. [Ref02]
   **D. Thomas and A. Hunt**. *The Pragmatic Programmer: Your Journey to Mastery*,
   Addison-Wesley Professional,
   2019.

.. [Ref03]
   **B. P. Flannery, W. H. Press, S. A. Teukolsky and W. Vetterling**. Numerical Recipes in C,
   *Press Syndicate of the University of Cambridge, New York*,
   24(78),
   pp. 36,
   1992.

.. [Ref04]
   **R. J. LeVeque et al.**. *Finite Volume Methods for Hyperbolic Problems*,
   Cambridge University Press,
   2002.

.. [Ref05]
   **W. H. Press, S. A. Teukolsky, W. T. Vetterling and B. P. Flannery**. *Numerical Recipes 3rd Edition: the Art of Scientific Computing*,
   3 edition,
   Cambridge University Press,
   2007.

.. [Ref06]
   **L. N. Trefethen and D. B. III**. *Numerical Linear Algebra*,
   SIAM,
   1997.

.. [Ref07]
   **J. Stoer and R. Bulirsch**. *Introduction to Numerical Analysis*,
   Springer Science \& Business Media,
   2013.

.. [Ref08]
   **G. Strang**. *Linear Algebra and Learning From Data*,
   Wellesley-Cambridge Press,
   2019.

.. [Ref09]
   **W. H. Press, W. T. Vetterling, S. A. Teukolsky and B. P. Flannery**. *Numerical Recipes in C++: the Art of Scientific Computing*,
   2nd edition,
   Cambridge University Press,
   2002.

.. [Ref10]
   **D.-Y. Peng and D. B. Robinson**. A New Two-Constant Equation of State,
   *Industrial \& Engineering Chemistry Fundamentals*,
   15(1),
   pp. 59-64,
   1976.

.. [Ref11]
   **M. Newman**. *Computational Physics*,
   CreateSpace Independent Publ.,
   2013.
